

Spoken:
Yeah its real this time
There;s nothing in the world thats perfect ma'
You gotta understand that you know what I mean?
If you gon' keep it real wi' me then
I think we gona be aight, you know?
But one thing you always gotta remember is how we started
Its both of us!

Verse 1:
We met each other through mutual friends
Since we sparked off you my next of kin
Is it your silky skin your innocent grin
Or them curves and the way that you bend
Whatever it is you got me glad that I took notice
When times hopeless you words kept me focused
I was once told never trust a diva
I usually toss her like the crust of a pizza
But now my sixth sense tell me to keep her
We livin' la vida in our own world like zita
I let you ? ma chain ? ma hat
Wear my jersey watch my back
It took a lot for you to earn my trust
You gon' roll with a ? then trust is a must
So lets skip all the fightin' and fuss
Forget about them it's us

Chorus:
Girl it's us, nothings gona change it thats a fact
Even if your girls ain't down for that
And even if the fellas ain't down for that
It's us, nothings gona change it thats a fact
No matter what they say we'll try
And even if they hate we'll ride

Verse 2:
They say you get what you ? for
Thats why I'd rather ???????
And keep you in them ?????
They get the knock offs you get the real Louis
Thats one of the benefits of gettin close to me
Down for 3 years ain't nothin come between
Experienced things you never thought you would have seen
I took you off the scene sold you a dream
You bought that without no cream
We're match made like ???? Bobby and Whitney
And if shit hit the fan you comin' wit' me
I won't take the stand they gotta come & get me
Ain't no limit to what I would do
Cos' true love strikes only one in a few
You might think its too good to be true
But it ain't up to me its up to you

Chorus:
Girl it's us, nothings gona change it thats a fact
Even if your girls ain't down for that
And even if the fellas ain't down for that
It's us, nothings gona change it thats a fact
No matter what they say we'll try
And even if they hate we'll ride

We've got a good love
The girl that dreams are made of
?? gona keep us together
I'll be lovin' you forever

Ciara:
Boy I want you to know you make me so happy
I'll never leave your side not for one minute
I'm in it to win it!

Verse 3:
No matter if they gossipin' out loud or whisperin'
Smile in our face but behind our backs sniggerin'
And when we bickerin' they use that to tear us apart
It's obvious they got hate in their heart
I told you from the start over here we livin' splendid
Amount that they make in a year we get to spend it
And when we movin' ahead when they finish
I say these 2 words to you only cos' I mean it
It's Us

Chorus x2:
Girl it's us, nothings gona change it thats a fact
Even if your girls ain't down for that
And even if the fellas ain't down for that
It's us, nothings gona change it thats a fact
No matter what they say we'll try
And even if they hate we'll ride

